font against Jeff calm 247 sports com
here with village christian jr how are
you big big win double overtime we're
gonna pull that out we didn't stay
together on the team and executed yes I
guess we got a little lucky it's played
hard sometimes it's how it goes though
right yeah make make a little bit of
luck what is your experience like with
this tournament what did you what were
your expectations coming into someone oh
yeah I knew gonna be tough competition
I knew we have to continue to play hard
how are you guys able to bounce back
after last night playing top teams in
the country yeah we have to come
together really carry its combat part
what was it like to plant a local team
your stinging off the loss and you have
to play that the guys are playing in
their backyard what was that like oh
they're really good we didn't get along
right it was a good game right for
people who haven't seen you play you
know whenever you were doing a lot of
research on you and saying that you're
really coming on from last summer and
this season explain to people with you
now would you describe your game I'm
trying to get my teammates before we
ought to be well-rounded all about
rebound has try to get my shot off
sometimes play harder p I saw was a
checking out your Twitter account and
right before you came here you had
triple double yeah that happened yeah
talk about talk about that you're
playing what point forward and trying to
distribute the ball yeah yeah I'm trying
to bring your ball up get it to my
teammates a great ninja touch with them
right and obviously as all this spins
and goes along everyone stuff about
recruiting with you how is that going on
so far just don't live
robotic offers do you have you want to
tell us about some of those yeah I got
pretty much the whole back tomorrow okay
and to Kansas Florida new car
forget the National circuit and got the
west coast lockdown any idea where
you're leaning or what you would want to
go perfect world and I did good right
for sure all right let's go off the
court for a second let's talk about
music OD writer let's all be within the
be tighter oh great okay we were like
that right you're the first guy that has
said Kendrick I got think that's just
because you're west coast garlic and
trickier but you're the first guy to say
all that kind of stuff okay how biggest
yell obscene right okay yg Duncan okay
all right talk talk about what else you
do for fun I don't hang out with friends
play a little color duty okay once in a
while okay you know headset yo all right
well about to if we were to give here to
go back to cali with you before tickets
take it Roscoe's chicken and waffles
really thats good luck that's the spot
right
many thanks Mantha